# Template p5 project

Artist statement :
For this project I wanted to recreate a Tamagotchi toy that is a bit like a farming simulator where you grow your pet. My original idea was also to make it a horror game, inspired by Can you Pet?, Growing My Grandpa and Iron Lung, where the pet you grow is a monster and cracks out of the toy to eat you, but I left that part optional in case I wouldn't have enough time to create a horror narrative. So I'm happy that I was able to accomplish that. My biggest struggle was making every option in the game functional, and showing in the info action what the next step to evolve the pet was. I feel like I could have been more concise with my code, since there is a lot of repetition for most of the states, but because things repeat but are also slightly different, I wasn't exactly sure how to make it shorter. In my original idea, I wanted the pet to gain sentience and spawn food before eating the player, and for some reason (because i forgor) I made it the opposite where the player gets eaten first then the pet gains sentience. I think my original idea would have worked better since it would make the game crashing more impactful. There are also other small things I'd like to improve like the audio, which I rushed a bit at the end, and a bug where the game resets strangely if you finish it and choose to replay. There are also some small issues like the visuals looking strange if you spam click the options that would be nice to fix in the future. It was my first attempt at making anything horror! Hopefully it isn't cringe and can actually give people some good scares, but I tried to achieve that by playing around with sounds in the sound library as well as sounds found online to make some spooky sounds. Some of the sounds I used I had discovered by accident, like the monster evolve sfx that plays over itself that produces a creepy sound. I also hope the artstyle near the end was enough to creep people out, since I rushed the design of the monster and just invented something on the spot. Overall, I'm really happy with the result and that I managed to get it done!
